So let's make sure our app works again.
And for Dad here I'm back ON THE FRONT AND NOW I first of all need to use that new data.
The back end returns for logging in or for signing up.
In both cases we return an object which has a user I.D. field which has an email field and which has
this very important token field.
So here to all off log in thus far I passed my my user I.D..
Now of course I cancel past is it just now lives in the user I.D. field instead of the nested User object
so we can simply change to user I.D. and it should generally work again.
But with Dad we're not taking advantage of the token.
Still with that if we tried to authenticate with that new user which was created after we changed our
password hashing logic on the back end if we click log in here we are redirected.
So this now at least works again.
We're not crashing our app anymore.
Nonetheless this is not all.
I also of course now want to use to token we are getting back from the back end.
So to log in I will also forward response data dot token both here for our log in mode logic as well
as for our sign up logic and an app.
US where I have to log and function idea for now no longer just expect to user I.D. but I also expect
the token as a second argument.
Now of course I want to manage my token here in state and actually instead of is locked in I will store
token as a state here and set token and therefore call set token here and set this to the token I'm
getting is our argument.
And on logout we can set this back to NO and therefore here we're a check for is logged in I can simply
check if token because of token is null I'm not logged in IF IT'S SOMETHING TRUTHFULLY like a string
which it is then we'll make it in here else we'll make it a new year.
And then here at the bottom where a set is logged in on my context object I can set this to token with
a double bang in front of it as well.
And therefore this will be converted to true if it is true.
So if it is a string if it is a token and two false if it's false.
So if it's now lower something like this in addition in my context I also want to store the token itself
though.
So this is just a convenience property here which gives us a quick answer to the question whether we
are logged in or not.
I want to store the token itself as well though because later when we send requests from certain places
in the app we will need that token now to be consistent.
I will therefore also go to the context to be off context file and here in our setup also add to token
as a field to the default value.
We never really use that default value but it's better for auto completion if we reflect the actual
values we'll have in context in the end here as well.
So now we're storing the token in the context and we're storing the answer to the question whether we're
locked in in the context just as before.
Just with a different logic now we can utilize this token to attach it to outgoing requests.
So for example when we create a new place so in the new place J as file we're sending a request and
this is a request which needs a token because on the back and in the places routes we are protecting
all routes below this middleware here and that for example includes did create a place route here so
we need to add our token and if you check our middleware logic on the back and you see the token has
to be part of this authorization header.
So here when we create this request when we send it in the end the send request function here we have
from our custom HDP hook takes a headers argument.
So here I want to add my headers which is an object of key value pairs and I want to add the authorization
header here and set is too important.
What I expect on the back end bearer and then my token and this bear thing is we just a convention to
identify this kind of off indication basically.
So I'll set this to bearer whitespace and then my token and we get that token from the off context to
which we already have access here.
So all stored token this Haddad now needs to be attached to the request and we should be able to create
new places thereafter.
So if I save this and I log in again and make sure you use the right e-mail address which you used to
create a new user after you changed your sign up logic and hashed the password we now go to a new place
Marine plots still a nice place in Munich Marine plus one in Minchin and we pick our image if I click
at place we're getting an error and we're getting an unauthorized a four hundred and one error.
Now we're getting this error for our options request though and such a options request if we inspect
the network tap is indeed sent.
You see that when I tried to create a new place here.
It sends a request but please note that the type here's options and not post.
But we clearly are sending a post request here.
Well that's just a browser behavior for a certain age.
The P word is basically anything but get requests the browser automatically sends a options request
before it sends the actual request you want to send to find out whether the server will permit this
to be sent requests so to say if the service supports that to be sent request does it's just a code
when she does it's just something the browser does and we just have to be aware of it and we have to
handle it.
This options request has no token attached and it doesn't need to.
So in check off in our back and middleware before we try creating the token or getting the token I want
to check if the request method is equal to options and if it is equal I will return next and allow this
request to continue.
This will not allow to post request to continue just as options request.
So this is a required adjustment to ensure that our options request is not blocked.
The actual post request which then triggers our place creation logic will still be validated.
So with this change on the back end.
Now if we tried it again this looks way better and we created a new place here.
Now what you'll notice of course is that if I tried to delete this place we fail because authentication
failed.
And that makes sense because we're not yet attaching the token to this request.
The same is the case if you click this update button here.
So we need to attach a token to these two requests as well.
This definitely is a great practice for you.
So feel free to try this out on your own before we'll do it together in the next lecture.